hey guys welcome and today I want to
unbox with you guys on camera the
Seagate 3 terabyte backup plus desktop
drive this is the second acquisition
that I made on black friday you guys saw
the 3d ps3 monitor I put up before this
is the other item that I got from the
same retailer actually electronic
retailer and this was on sale for 100
bucks I thought 3 terabyte you know
scoot amount of memory I'm not really in
the need for that much storage right now
but not even for 2 terabytes and I even
really needed one terabyte but if I'm
going to buy a hard drive it's going to
be you know at least one terabyte I'm
now in days at least but I wasn't really
in the need for a new one because i
bought a two terabyte i don't know let's
say about six months ago but i thought
it was really good deal this is normally
priced at 150 at that particular
retailer I've seen it elsewhere for 180
so I thought it was pretty good deal and
what really sold it for me was the USB
3.0 I do have three point 0 on my
desktop PC so I'm definitely into the
hole faster is better you know what
really would have sold this if this was
a purely solid-state drive that be even
amazing but I don't think we'll see $100
solid state for three terabytes at least
not in the near future probably but I
would love to eat my words anyway
seagate backup plus USB 3.0 three
terabytes the backup plus means
according to Seagate that it at you can
actually get a firewire 800 adapter or a
thunderbolt adapter and use these this
particular drive with Mac or PC as well
so the adapters unfortunately are not
included that would be cool if they
probably would include maybe maybe the
firewire might not be in high demand the
Thunderbolt would be cool tip and have
been included but maybe that's amore
high demand so i could see hey why not
throw in the firewire guys you know to
me why make people buy separately for
this so let's just pop this open sea
accessories it comes
alright and I'll have this open for you
in just a sec all right guys got it out
of the packaging obviously these kind of
egg carton holders for the external hard
drive what we normally see with most
hard drives comes with a power brick or
power adapter i should say USB to USB
3.0 so that's going to be fast enough
our purposes power cord as well and of
course it comes with some instructions
backup plus quick start guide i usually
format the hard drives i get and erase
all that garbage software that the
manufacturers like to include on hard
drives alright and there it is guys let
me just make sure I covered the serial
number on the other side there for any
warranty purposes it's like there's some
vents here Vince on the proper your
whole vents on the side there and has
some padding on the bottom there's some
serial number information then there as
well some padding on the bottom there so
you can stand it upright and it looks
like we have some some diagnostic lights
there I mean obviously not diagnostic
but you know that mean see if there's
anything important in this quick start
guide obviously telling us how we
installed it in the dashboard software
and that's how good is it uh it's not
that hard of a surface that is hitting
anyway so I'm not worried about that the
Seagate dashboard helps you publish
content to social media sites and backup
data to cloud storage Seagate dashboard
software is optional but recommended
like I say most of this software these
these hard drive manufacturers come out
with sometimes I don't even know what
they do just for the mere fact that I
don't need them and i know i won't
didn't eat them and there's just one
more folder or one more file on the
drive that I don't need and it's taking
up room for something else more precious
so like I said I usually just format the
drive and pop it on in but this is not
my first sigue drive so i'll probably be
registering the warranty on this even
though i usually don't have any issue i
haven't had an issue with
drive that I purchased and like the past
six years I think before that hard
drives you used to crap out on me but
I'm having issues recently thankfully so
yeah you can stand it upright like this
you can lay down whatever you prefer
obviously the manufacturer judging from
the way they designed to prefer you to
have it standing up like this alright
let's see easily protect your stuff you
know there's not really much to say
about a external portable internal hard
drive Billy um at least I don't think
there's much to say about this except if
you guys might want to know obviously
already told you is compatible with
windows 7 it's plug and play eat
upgradable interface so you can like I
said you can hook it up to um USB 3.0
and you can obviously purchase adapter
separately for for our 800 and thunder
but as I mentioned previously one thing
I'm noticing is that I'm not seeing any
tech specs on this particular hard drive
and I think I didn't care about that at
first besides the USB 3.1 the fact that
was three terabytes but I'm noticing at
us and it was the only a hundred bucks
it was kind of like a what do you call
those purchases you make off the off the
thrill of making a purchase uh you know
spur the moment what is it you guys
probably making comments about it right
now but I can't even think about what
I'm what I meant to say but uh it is
backwards compatible with USB 2.0 ports
at USB 2.0 speeds obviously and if you
guys have any questions about this
particular hard drive just let me know
maybe it'll go on sale again who knows
but you know three terabytes per hundred
bucks I thought was good idea so this
was my second acquisition for black
friday I really didn't make any other
major purchases guys what was that
monitor and this hard drive and neither
one was really on my radar the one thing
that I did want to purchase was a copy
of NBA 2k13 for less than thirty bucks
the microsoft store did have it for
unfortunately they sought out before I
had a chance so these were items that I
saw and thought hey you know they're
great price I could use a new monitor
with the specs the ps3 3d display head
and I could use an additional hard drive
down the road I could see that I might
need one not immediately but i could see
i could need one and why not get the
good deal now for three terabytes
alright so thanks again for watching
guys just so just be sharing with you my
latest acquisition you guys have any
questions about this particular hard
drive or want to just leave a comment
about your the video in general just let
me know alright guys thanks for watching
and until the next video catch you later